Ninh Ninh
If you really don't want to drive
You don't have to take revenge on me like that.
Why are you touching your nose?
Is there a law that says no one can touch their nose?
No.
What's wrong with me?
Why do you always feel your secretary is not nutritive?
Get out of the car.
Where's the director general?
This is the old house story.
Today my fiancee wants to see my grandmother.
General Director
I like people who come to see their parents.
Isn't it inappropriate for me to be here?
You're my secretary.
The gift I brought you, do you want me to take it for you?
Well, of course it doesn't bother you.
I can do it.
Hey, I can do this.
Go ahead, tell me.
A rich, colorful and personable person like you
So how good is it to get your fiancé?
In my eyes
He's more than excellent.
So how did you two meet?
Twenty years ago.
He saved me, not the hero.
Why is there a girl?
Then your feelings must be very deep.
Do you want to be charming from childhood?
We're not boyfriends.
We're actually dear friends.
Keep you waiting, this girl Yeon-yeon.